nixos/nginx: disable automatic advertise of HTTP/3 protocol support (#275484)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2405.section.md

- `mkosi` was updated to v19. Parts of the user interface have changed. Consult the
  [release notes](https://github.com/systemd/mkosi/releases/tag/v19) for a list of changes.

> - Now need manually add advertise the availability of HTTP/3 to the Nginx web-server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `services.nginx` will no longer advertise HTTP/3 availability automatically. This must now be manually added, preferably to each location block.
```

- `mkosi` was updated to v19. Parts of the user interface have changed. Consult the
  [release notes](https://github.com/systemd/mkosi/releases/tag/v19) for a list of changes.

- Now need manually add advertise the availability of HTTP/3 to the Nginx web-server.
  Example:

  ```nix

>     locations."/" = {
>       ...
>       extraConfig = ''
>         ...
>         add_header Alt-Svc 'h3=":$server_port"; ma=86400';
>       '';
>     };
>     ...
>     locations."^~ /assets/" = {
>       ...
>       extraConfig = ''
>         ...
>         add_header Alt-Svc 'h3=":$server_port"; ma=86400';
>       '';
>     };
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    locations."/".extraConfig = ''
      add_header Alt-Svc 'h3=":$server_port"; ma=86400';
    '';

    locations."^~ /assets/".extraConfig = ''
      add_header Alt-Svc 'h3=":$server_port"; ma=86400';
    '';
```
we can condense this a bit
